FF118 Updates for global privacy control (#29194)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/navigator/globalprivacycontrol/index.md

{{APIRef("DOM")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{Non-standard_header}}

The **`Navigator.globalPrivacyControl`** property returns the user's Global Privacy Control setting. This setting indicates whether the user consents to a website or service selling or sharing their personal information with third parties.
The **`Navigator.globalPrivacyControl`** read-only property returns the user's Global Privacy Control setting. This setting indicates whether the user consents to a website or service selling or sharing their personal information with third parties.

The value of the property reflects that of the {{httpheader("Sec-GPC")}} HTTP header.

| Sec-GPC Value | Meaning                                                      |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1             | User _does not_ provide consent to sell or share their data. |
| 0             | User _does_ provide consent to sell or share their data.     |

> | unspecified   | User has not yet provided consent with regard to their data. |

Author: Moved info to standard "Value" section. Note `unspecified` is not possible in this case.

{{APIRef("DOM")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{Non-standard_header}}

The **`Navigator.globalPrivacyControl`** read-only property returns the user's Global Privacy Control setting for the current website.
This setting indicates whether the user consents to the website or service selling or sharing their personal information with third parties.

The value of the property reflects that of the {{httpheader("Sec-GPC")}} HTTP header.

## Value

- `1`
  - : User _does not_ provide consent to sell or share their data.
- `0`

>   - : User either _does_ provide consent to sell or share their data, or has not indicated a preference.

Reviewer: Spec has this as true/false: https://privacycg.github.io/gpc-spec/#javascript-property-to-detect-preference

> - `1`
>   - : User _does not_ provide consent to sell or share their data.
> - `0`
>   - : User either _does_ provide consent to sell or share their data, or has not indicated a preference.

Author: ```suggestion
`true` if the user _does not_ provide consent to sell or share their data.
`false` if the user either does provide consent, or has not indicated a preference.
```

## Example

```js
console.log(navigator.globalPrivacyControl);
// prints "1" indicating user does not want their data shared or sold.

> // prints "0" if the user consents to their data being shared or sold.

Reviewer: ...or has not expressed a preference.

> // prints "1" indicating user does not want their data shared or sold.
> // prints "0" if the user consents to their data being shared or sold.

Author: ```suggestion
// "true" if the user has specifically indicated they do not want their data shared or sold, otherwise "false".
```
